Changes in `vcpkg/build_iroha_deps.sh` file and documentation to inform users that Iroha 1 is working in Raspberry Pi 4 (from HL main repo) (#2948)
hyperledger/iroha: docs/source/build/index.rst

  libraries, please consider installing the
  `latest release <https://cmake.org/download/>`_ of CMake.

RaspberryPi 4
""""""""""""""""""""""""""

> Building Iroha for RPI4 looks the same as for Linux. The only difference is that you need to have enough operation memory. If there is less than 8Gb RAM creating swap is recommended.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To build Iroha on Raspberry Pi 4 follow the same instrcutions as for building Linux. 

**ATTENTION**: Iroha requires 8GiB of RAM. If your build terminates with `SIGKILL` consider creating a swap file or swap partition on the host device, or cross-compiling. 
```
